what's up tech fans Kevin here on tech
of tomorrow we're covering all the
biggest PC releases to come out this
holiday season and today we're taking a
day one look at the most recent addition
to one of the most profitable franchises
ever made we've been seeing regular
releases every year for the past half a
decade call of duty ghosts now this is
coming from the same team that did
modern warfare 3 and it's supposed to be
the first step in a new direction for
the franchise offering a new storyline
more dynamic maps and the inclusion of
the new extinction mode which is
supposed to be infinity ward's answer to
triarchs popular Zombies mode so let's
go ahead and take a look
so first off not all pc games experience
what you would call a perfect launch as
bugs and different optimization issues
can come up and ghost is no exception to
this i myself had a ton of problems with
screen stuttering at the start as you
can see here which does not make for a
fun or balanced multiplayer experience
and after looking it up online real
quick a common fix for now before
patching for those you that are also
having this problem is to go into the
task manager and change ghost process
priority to normal rather than high so
once you've done that the gameplay
actually looks smooth let's go ahead and
take a look at some of our first
impressions but we've played so far to
begin with the campaign starts a new
storyline with a heavier emphasis on the
main characters being more along the
lines of guerilla fighters and being the
last few survivors rather than part of a
well-organized large army the whole
thing has got a really heavy Red Dawn
vibe going to it just replace communist
era Russia with an alternate history
version of South America as the primary
bad guy the campaign also places a heavy
emphasis on the dog being an important
teammate you can direct to attack
enemies during combat or even assume
direct control of during certain parts
of the game this dog by the way is some
kind of insane mutant predator hybrid
it's practically a better and more
efficient killing machine than any of
your actual gun wielding squad mates now
it's for multiplayer I've only done a
few matches so far and not enough to
really give you guys a proper full
coverage of all the major changes that
have happened one of the first things
i've really noticed while playing is
that kill streaks seem a lot easier to
obtain more often character
customization has also been changed a
bit now players can customize multiple
squad mates with their own starting and
preferred loadouts part of the reason
for this design is that the game now
features a new mode called squads which
basically has you take yourself and your
whole team of characters into a match
and face another player with their squad
which is controlled via a I ghosts
heavily pushes this mode right off the
bat even going so far as to repeatedly
recommend playing in a while before
entering traditional multiplayer and
makes for a good option for players new
to the series a chance to mess around an
experiment with different builds in a
more forgiving environment now the last
thing i want to touch on is the game's
new extinction mode a cooperative
multiplayer mode in which players work
together destroy key points while
fending off hordes of aliens this mode
uses a different character creation
system than regular multiplayer and
allows players to assemble classes that
emphasize different aspects of teamwork
like reviving teammates are just being
tanky and also allows you to choose from
a couple different purchasable perks and
match
summoning a minigun or spotting ammo
this is really reminiscent of the
zombies mode traditionally in treyarch
made call of duty games in which players
start off with bare bone supplies and
use money the game killing aliens to
purchase new guns or use special
abilities you can also level up
mid-match to improve how some of your
class abilities and perks work now what
I've played so far has just been a
little bit of each mode enough to get a
feel for each one but not enough to
bring you guys a proper full review just
yet so once I've sunk enough time into
extinction and multiplayer and have
finished the campaign I'll let you guys
know my final thoughts and whether or
not ghosts as any significant changes to
the current call of duty formula now if
what you've seen is already enough to
convince you to want to grab the game
for yourself check out the length and
description for pricing and availability
and while you're down there make sure to
smash that like button to let us know
how you've been enjoying all this gaming
content on tech of tomorrow and if
you're not a subscriber yet make sure
you become one because we got a lot of
great content on the way including full
reviews for a lot of the biggest holiday
releases on PC till then you've been
watching tech tomorrow I'm Kevin and
we'll see you later